only when I started talking to the a's
more name visayas were very adamant
about me studying that and looking up
that prophecy and I've asked and they
just said well it could be very very
important in America's future especially
the direction that it's moving now that
this this could be a probability so I
studied it because they know that I have
a passion for the founding of the United
States and the principal especially the
principles for which it was found on a
constitutional republic a bill of rights
because those documents and an America
literally created a new domain of
knowing that wasn't here in the world
before before it was always aristocrats
and monarchies that ruled the world in
governments in America changed that and
forever so I saw that you know and I
recognize that as a little boy as it is
an amazing turning point the more I
learned from the a's two more and
realize how important that actually was
for Humanity to actually have the
opportunity of self-government
unfortunately there's been a tremendous
amount of negative intervention and they
know us probably better than we know
ourselves and they've been able to low
us back into sleep follow us back into
consumerism into forgetfulness by
dumbing down everybody through our
school systems you know now they don't
even really teach any of that so it was
they felt very importantly to let me
know about that and if you look at the
third trial it's a remarkable event I
certainly hope it doesn't happen and I
wanted to happen um but I just shared
that with you because I thought it was
important that you know that they would
not only come this way but they would be
adamant that I research that
and I look into it so that's why I share
it with you I mean it was something that
was shared i think in 1834 or 1838 and
you know talked about the founding of
the United States talked about the Civil
War and then the third trial and what's
interesting is you know these are events
that that have occurred that did occur
after that and also you know if you look
at the third trial it's very close to
where the world is today and what if
those of that their journal that
essentially the world becomes polarized
against the United States and comes
after the United States and if you look
at the actions of our government and our
banking system today you can absolutely
see some parallels and the fact that you
know our government is gearing up for
third world war that you know that there
are people in the administration
presently who really would love to
isolate Russia in world politics using
the rest of the world especially pitting
China against Russia and you know in the
Obama administration you know there's
there's a lot there it wouldn't take
much for something like this to occur
and this it's worth knowing if nothing
else for Americans is there anything you
learned that we can do to help for
Americans I mean we have to practice
self-government I mean if I could say
anything I would say go to the library
go online and the first thing you should
do is read out loud the Declaration of
Independence tell me if that doesn't
make sense today as it did that you know
just replaced King George with the
Federal Reserve tell me if it doesn't
make any sense
you now start there remember who you are
you know that's the birth certificate
the Declaration of Independence it's all
about remembering who you are and then
getting fired up and saying you know
what yeah we've got to do something
because our generation we cannot drop
the ball we cannot saddle our children
and our grandchildren with a horrible
socialism that infallibly will move into
fascism corporate fascism we just simply
can't do that it is unconscionable for
us to just do nothing we have to do
something because future generations
will be livid with us if we don't do
something you know and NS is our time to
to basically set things right you know
and again and West press this isn't
really so much about the government as
it is the program and the program is
running over the entire world it's just
right now in order to set up a global
world government words the target we are
America is in the crosshairs and you
know we need to create our own
crosshairs we are denied an iPad on them
let's do it